Dynamic types documentation added. (#6)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/dynamictypes.rst

Dynamic Types have a one Dynamic type member for every child member added to it.

**Dynamic Data Factory**

Singleton class that is in charge of the creation and the management of every
DynamicData.
It creates them using the given Dynamic Type with its settings.
Every data object created by the factory must be deleted calling the DeleteType method.
Allows to create a TypeIdentifier and a (Minimal)TypeObject from a TypeDescriptor.
CompleteTypeObject support is planned to be added in the future.

**Dynamic Data**

Class that manages the data of the Dynamic Types. It stores the information that is
sent and received.
There are two ways to work with DynamicDatas, the first one is the
most secured, activating the macro `DYNAMIC_TYPES_CHECKING`, it creates a variable for
each primitive kind to help the debug process.
The second one reduces the size of the DynamicData class using only the minimum
values and making the code harder to debug.

**Dynamic PubSubType**

Class that inherits from TopicDataType and works as an intermediator between RTPS
Domain and the Dynamic Types. It implements the methods needed to create, serialize,

> deserialize and delete dynamicdatas when the participants need to convert the

Reviewer: DynamicData instances

> deserialize and delete dynamicdatas when the participants need to convert the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deserialize and delete DynamicData instances when the participants need to convert the
```
